In this final lesson, you will learn about annotation that will help you disable your unit test.
Usually it's not a good idea to disable unit test, and if unit is failing for some reason, and you're
not sure why it is why we do not disable it, trying to figure out why it is failing and fix it.
But if you do need to disable your units, there are a couple of ways to do it.
The first way is to simply comment out the test annotation.
So here I have a failing unit test.
I intentionally fail it with fail assertion.
So to disable this unit test, I can simply comment out the test annotation.
If there is no test annotation, then it is not a test method and it will not be executed when you run
all your unit tests and it will not be included in a test report.
So let's try.
I will save my test class and then I will run all test methods in this class.
Here.
I have my test report and I do not have a failing test anymore.
So this test here that is called test ended your division one dividend is divided by zero.
Each should throw arithmetic exception.
So this test method did not even execute.
And it is not in the test report because it is not even a test method.
Now, another way to disable union test is to use a special annotation that is called disabled.
I will enable test annotation and I will add one more annotation maybe on the top disabled.
I can also add a message like for example to do and something like still need to work and.
Like this, and this will be a better way to disable your test because the test will not run, but it
will be included in a test report.
So let's try.
I will save changes to this test class and now I will go up and will run all test methods in this class.
Now, if you look at my test report, then I clearly see that there is a test method that is disabled,
the pistons visible and it is better because I can see it and it reminds me that I do have a test method
and I still need to work on it.
All right, so now you know how to properly disable a test method if needed.
But again, if you're working on a team with other developers, you need to commit your code and the
build is failing because of a failing.
You need test matlab.
Do not disable the you need this method just to make your could go through the build stage that you
need.
Test might be failing for a reason and it is better to figure out that reason rather than disabling
the unit test.
All right.
So let's continue to the next lesson.